# Topic: IMPORTANT: Dockerfile submitted as dockerfile rest everything is working fine

### Author: `nayonika`
[Main Thread](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415)
[Post URL](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415/1)

[post_number]: 1
@carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini
I got a mail saying my Dockerfile is missing. However I have a dockerfile already in my github repository. Is it an issue with the spelling of dockerfile since I have submitted it in all small case as ‘dockerfile’. It was showing the score when I checked with the evaluate.py that was provided by iitm.
Shall I just change the name of the file from ‘dockerfile’ to ‘Dockerfile’ in github repository of mine or is there anything else that is needed to detect the Dockerfile?

---

### Author: `Saransh_Saini`
[Main Thread](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415)
[Post URL](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415/2)

[post_number]: 2
The name of the Dockerfile should be “Dockerfile” indeed, more over check other sections of your submission like

Is the GitHub repo public?
Does it have an MIT license?
Does it have a DockerFile?
Is the Docker image accessible?


---

### Author: `nayonika`
[Main Thread](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415)
[Post URL](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415/3)

[post_number]: 3
Oh ok made the changes in Github. I hope submitting again is not required since the links and names are same.

[reply_to_post_number]: 2

---

### Author: `22f3000585`
[Main Thread](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415)
[Post URL](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415/4)

[post_number]: 4

Sir, i got this mail. I have checked that the repo is public and already has a Dockerfile.
I have renamed the ‘LICENSE’ file as ‘MIT LICENSE’.
The image contains a checklist of submission requirements, noting the absence of a repository, an MIT license, and a Dockerfile.  A message indicates that submissions must meet these criteria to be considered for scoring.

---

### Author: `satviksawhney`
[Main Thread](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415)
[Post URL](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/important-dockerfile-submitted-as-dockerfile-rest-everything-is-working-fine/167415/6)

[post_number]: 6
Sir, please consider it we have spent a lot of time, in my case just the d in Dockerfile was small that too on remote repository. On my local repository it was Dockerfile only I even have a published docker image as verified by you autated script only. The name of the file on remote repository did not change even after commit it through my local repo, once I read the mail in morning it was only then I realised it wasn’t changed on GitHub repo.
Sir I understand the deadline has passed and I am not asking for a resubmission, I am just asking to consider the already submitted work, just that. It would be really helpful. I just have one commit on my repo that too “Rename dockerfile to Dokerfile” . Sir please attest consider what we have already submitted. I have made no changes as you can verify it too.
Sir it is a humble request to please consider it.
Warm Regards,
Satvik Sawhney
23f2003680
Screenshot 2025-02-18 at 1.53.10 PM1889×467 54 KB
The image shows a file explorer-like interface displaying a list of files and folders, including "Business," "Operations," "app," "Dockerfile," "LICENSE," and "README.md,"  with timestamps indicating recent modifications and brief descriptions of changes made.

---
